(Music) Hi everyone.
My name is Kevin Jones.
Welcome to my course, Java Web Fundamentals.
I am a developer and owner at Rock Solid Knowledge,
a software development company based in the United Kingdom.
Servlets and JavaServer Pages are the cornerstone of web development in Java,
and developing web applications in many frameworks requires
an understanding of these technologies.
This course is an in-depth look at the fundamentals of web development in Java.
Some of the major topics we will cover include using
servlets to build web applications in Java,
using JavaServer Pages to return HTML content,
using servlets and JavaServer Pages together to build
well-structured web applications, using filters to compress data,
and using event handlers to respond to lifecycle events from the web container.
By the end of this course, you'll have a solid understanding of servlets,
filters, events, and JavaServer Pages,
and how to bring them together to build web applications.
Before beginning the course, you should be familiar with programming in Java.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn servlet-based
programming with the Java Web Fundamentals course, at Pluralsight.